alright ladies and gentlemen this is the
1986 naturally aspirated a mazda rx7
engine bay area I've done intake
aftermarket SR motorsport pulleys as you
can see sr motorsports ladies and
gentlemen alternator water pump and
crank done aftermarket clutch fan on it
took that off and put on a slim just a
little slim radiator fan I've got
pacesetter headers as you can see
running back to a test pipe other than
that that's about it for the engine bay
itself I've done a little bit of a
weight reduction with the UM the air
pump took that out of there eliminated
the air conditioning unit and also the
EGR valve as well um very clean very
clean car I got six spoke vo Xbox rims
on earth as you can see very clean
interior a very clean car what do we got
on the odometer here ladies and
gentlemen we've got a little over 91,000
honor going back to the the back of the
car here very clean took out a little
bit of weight with the spare tire and
the jack and I got a cork sport catback
exhaust as you can see there's the cork
sports symbol there and basically that's
about it very clean other than that wide
angle view of the car here and that's
about it they